Now I'm working on Word Parser App.

<p>Day111: Unfortunately - internet connection here is very weak, so I can't code here.. I'll try tomorrow.</p>
<p>Day112: Same problem there.. I can push only one little commit.. Tomorrow I'll get home and I'm going to rock this app!</p>
<p>Day113: Next shitty day - car issues. I'm done for today.</p>
<p>Day114: For today I've modified base.html and models in the app. Tomorrow I'll keep going.</p>
<p>Day115: Today a nice step: hard-coded three flashcards and listed them on subpage. Now I have to think how to implement displaying reverse of flashcard.</p>
<p>Day116: Changing plans -> instead of using Flask I'll do that app in Django. It's going to be better for being an admin. For today I've created an project and first app.</p>
<p>Day117: Adventure began -> today I've created flashcard basic model (without author) & about page. Tests: 100%.</p>
<p>Day118: Listing categories -> done! Listing flashcards (only front of them) -> done!</p>
<p>Day119: Modified endpoints -> throw away '/parser-app/' from url. Moreover, implemented home page and started to implement modelform to create flashcards. I only can't implement save() method...</p>
<p>Day120: And here it is! All CRUD on flashcards is done. Moreover, I've created second model: FlashcardCategory -> tomorrow (or maybe later) I'll do the CRUD & tests.</p>
<p>Day121: I forgot to do tests.. Instead of them I started to do CRUD on categories. I have create & update -> almost. I can't update category.</p>
<p>Day122: Aaaaaaand I have all CRUD on flashcards and categories! I'm soooo proud. Now I have to write tests & clear subpages and paths.</p>
<p>Day123: Today I wanted to make subpages clear - and I did it. I have only one bug: I want to list all flashcards ordered by category.. and I got 404.</p>
<p>Day124: I almost got it. Now I can list all flashcards, but I can't filter them by category id... Maybe tomorrow.</p>
<p>Day125: Today I didn't spend my time on parser app. Insted of this I was coding during the interview. Moreover - I got this! I'm junior Python developer!</p>
<p>Day126: Aaaaaand here we go again with word parser! Lately I got one bug. Case was like when user is listing all flashcards from certain category.. All were displaying. Now I solved this.</p>
<p>Day127: And for now it's all done! Created merge pull request, now I have to make it run for Dejw.</p>
<p>Day128: Today I start implement parser logic. For today I've done some research about how to do it.</p>
<ul>Documentation:
<li>https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.1/topics/http/file-uploads/</li>
<li>https://blog.devgenius.io/export-docx-file-with-python-docx-in-django-app-527ff5eb7280</li>
<li>https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/python-io-bytesio-stringio</li>
<li>https://docs.python.org/3/library/io.html</li>
</ul>
<p>Day129: And here we go! Form - done. Uploading view - done. Tomorrow: parse the document!</p>
<p>Day130: Almost I got it.. I have a parser, which can collect and save flashcard category and save a flashcard into it.. But the flashcard.. Is blank. Shit.</p>
<p>Day131: Still working on parser.. I don't know how to collect a title and content and put it into blank flashcard..</p>
<p>Day132: I don't understand why it doesn't work. I've created new project in Pycharm and did the same parser func and there it's working..</p>
<p>Day133: Let's call this day a cheat day. Pro8l3m!</p>
<p>Day134: Aaaaand I'm back. Shit - I don't know what is wrong with that parser.. I'll try to ask some devs.</p>
<p>Day135: I'm reeeeally fucked. I posted my problem on stackoverflow - maybe somebody can help. We'll see. I think bytesio will be the answer.</p>
<p>Day136: Still working on that view..</p>
<p>Day137: Got this! Now I have next bug: when I upload file where I should get few flashcards.. I got only last one. I think I should try with dictionary.</p>
<p>Day138: I got this! I have to change the requirements of docs and upload view - dict is the key! Hell yeah!</p>
<p>Day139: Aaaand I got this! The parser is done. Tomorrow I'll test it and than I'm going to merge this.</p>
<p>Day140: Develop merged into main! I also did some changes -> e.x. docs requirements now are in upload page.</p>
<p>Day141: Today I start implementing learning portal. DRF - adventure begin!</p>