#### Bookr

Hi! Now, I'm starting with a book tutorial in new [repository](https://github.com/xwojziarnik/Bookr).

Book links:
- [EN](https://www.amazon.pl/Web-Development-Django-applications-Python-based/dp/1839212500/ref=asc_df_1839212500/?tag=plshogostdde-21&linkCode=df0&hvadid=504384189023&hvpos=&hvnetw=g&hvrand=5456534563855773767&hvpone=&hvptwo=&hvqmt=&hvdev=c&hvdvcmdl=&hvlocint=&hvlocphy=1011615&hvtargid=pla-1202063357020&psc=1)
- [PL](https://helion.pl/ksiazki/django-tworzenie-nowoczesnych-aplikacji-internetowych-w-pythonie-ben-shaw-saurabh-badhwar-andrew-bird-bharath-ch,twapdj.htm#format/d)

<p>Day069: I created a repo, project, app and readme file.</p>
<p>Day070: Today I created first two fbvs and one models. Moreover, I got to know something about Debugger and HttpRequests.</p>
<p>Day071: Today I was working on doing models, migrations and CRUD on database. In the end I've loaded a csv file into new db. Second chapter is done.</p>
<p>Day072: Next chapter - URLs & views. For today - basic fbv for listing all books from db with few informations. Moreover - HTML files.</p>
<p>Day073: Added some inheritance in templates and detail view of books.</p>
<p>Day074: All day fighting with django admin site. Calm start: Crud on users & books. Than one big error while overwriting django admin site.</p>
<p>Day075: Basic changes in admin panel applied. Nice, now it's looking better.</p>
<p>Day076: Started chapter about static files. To practise importing static files in django, I created second project called business_site.</p>
<p>Day077: Creating, collecting and finding (also using verbose).</p>
<p>Day078: Collecting static files using ManifestFilesStorage. Moreover, I've added logo file into app, but I can't load it into webpage.</p>
<p>Day079: Chapter about static files done! Now I have two logos: one in global app and different in reviews application.</p>
<p>Day080: Next chapter - forms. For today I've created subproject (I took it into gitignore file to keep my Bookr project clean) and created a big form file with many input types just to get to know how it works, how to write form.html files and learn about CSRF tokens.</p>
<p>Day081: Okay - yesterday I wrote first form example using HTML code. Now it's time to do the same easier way -> using Django forms class!</p>
<p>Day082: I created a form to search for books using title or contributor of the book using django (Python) code instead of HTML.</p>
<p>Day083: Today I was working on a subproject. Topic - Intermediate validation of forms and modelforms using clean method and cleaned_data.get(param).</p>
<p>Day084: Using knowledge how to create an ModelForm I created a modelform to add and update reviews for books and Publishers that are in my database.</p>