Now I'm working on Word Parser App.

<p>Day111: Unfortunately - internet connection here is very weak, so I can't code here.. I'll try tomorrow.</p>
<p>Day112: Same problem there.. I can push only one little commit.. Tomorrow I'll get home and I'm going to rock this app!</p>
<p>Day113: Next shitty day - car issues. I'm done for today.</p>
<p>Day114: For today I've modified base.html and models in the app. Tomorrow I'll keep going.</p>
<p>Day115: Today a nice step: hard-coded three flashcards and listed them on subpage. Now I have to think how to implement displaying reverse of flashcard.</p>
<p>Day116: Changing plans -> instead of using Flask I'll do that app in Django. It's going to be better for being an admin. For today I've created an project and first app.</p>
<p>Day117: Adventure began -> today I've created flashcard basic model (without author) & about page. Tests: 100%.</p>
<p>Day118: Listing categories -> done! Listing flashcards (only front of them) -> done!</p>
<p>Day119: Modified endpoints -> throw away '/parser-app/' from url. Moreover, implemented home page and started to implement modelform to create flashcards. I only can't implement save() method...</p>
<p>Day120: And here it is! All CRUD on flashcards is done. Moreover, I've created second model: FlashcardCategory -> tomorrow (or maybe later) I'll do the CRUD & tests.</p>
<p>Day121: I forgot to do tests.. Instead of them I started to do CRUD on categories. I have create & update -> almost. I can't update category.</p>
<p>Day122: Aaaaaaand I have all CRUD on flashcards and categories! I'm soooo proud. Now I have to write tests & clear subpages and paths.</p>
<p>Day123: Today I wanted to make subpages clear - and I did it. I have only one bug: I want to list all flashcards ordered by category.. and I got 404.</p>
<p>Day124: I almost got it. Now I can list all flashcards, but I can't filter them by category id... Maybe tomorrow.</p>
<p>Day125: Today I didn't spend my time on parser app. Insted of this I was coding during the interview. Moreover - I got this! I'm junior Python developer!</p>
<p>Day126: Aaaaaand here we go again with word parser! Lately I got one bug. Case was like when user is listing all flashcards from certain category.. All were displaying. Now I solved this.</p>