Today I start reading a book about Docker. Next couple of days I'm going to do the exercises from that book for better 
understanding how Docker works and how can I containerize my apps using Docker.

Let the adventure begin!
- [Book link on Helion](https://helion.pl/ksiazki/nauka-dockera-w-miesiac-elton-stoneman,naudoc.htm#format/d)
- [Book link on Amazon](https://www.amazon.pl/Learn-Docker-Month-Lunches-Stoneman/dp/1617297054)

<p>Day102: Today I've learned why Docker is necessary in IT. Moreover, I got to know that if you have app which has few
years and has millions lines of code you can containerize that using few commands and creating few docker files.</p>

<p>Day103: Welcome back on Mac Mini, where I can run Docker! Below you have 4 basic commands:</p>

- run -> to run the app in container,
- logs -> to see diary file of container,
- top -> to list running processes of container,
- inspect -> see details of container

<p> For today I've practised running containers, listing them, killing them and run container which is running in a 
background. Moreover, I can check it on localhost.</p>

<p>Day104: Today me, my wife and my dog were visiting Vet, so I didn't have enough time to do next chapter of a Docker book. Insted of this I modified README of my GitHub profile and README of Bookr app. See you tomorrow!</p>
<p>Day106: Now I'm doing two things at the same time: book about Docker and Word Parser App. When I'll do book things - I'm going to write about that right here. When I'll do Word Parser App - I'll extend Day105 directory. 
Returning to the topic: today I was building images in Docker using node.js app which is doing ping command into some websites and than app is printing time and code of response. Moreover, I got to know the layers of the Docker image and how I should write dockerfiles. 
What is necessary: programmist should optimize dockerfiles! If he/she knows which lines can be changed -> write them at the end of the file. When Docker will se changes in file will execute only not changed lines. Everything below will be build one more time.</p>

Useful commands:
- docker container run -d(--detach) --name(giving a name to a container) [name] [direcory]
- docker rm -f [name/id]
- docker container run --env [overwrite default variables]
- docker image build --tag(giving a name to an image)
- docker image ls 'w* -> list all images starts with 'w'
- docker image history [name] -> check history of an image (commands used, etc.)
- docker system df -> check amount of the occupied space of your memory

<p>Day107: Today I was learning about multi-stage Dockerfiles and why are they usable:</p>

- standardization: no matter which tools or OS you are using, containers will be working on your computer, because operations will be executed in Docker containers,
- efficiency: processes done by Docker are cached, so when will be needed, Docker will get them from cache, so they won't be needed to build second time,
- space-saving: multi-stage Dockerfiles can be efficiency in case of cached images, so final container will save the memory space

<p>Day108: Todays topic - connecting to docker hub account, first image pushed, created new own register and image references!</p>