Hello! 

In next few days I'm going to do an e-commerce website while doing a FreeCodeCamp tutorial.

[Repo](https://github.com/xwojziarnik/FlaskCourseFCC) of the application.

<p>Day054: Did a repo, README file, created Flask app and two endpoints.</p>
<p>Day055: Overwrited yesterday endpoints. Moreover, created two templates, items dict and listed items of dict on website.</p>
<p>Day056: Created a base.html and now other pages are extending from base. Also, added functionality for buttons on navbar. Moreover, I created SQLite3 db, Item db model and two items in database. App is getting bigger.</p>
<p>Day057: Today I have downloaded GUI for SQLite3, changed files using good practises of Flask, added User model, dropped previous db and created new one. Also, at endpoint '/market' user can see dynamic items from db.</p>
<p>Day058: Today I did a big progress - the register page, validations of registration data and type of displaying errors on website is done!</p>
<p>Day059: Today I created validations which checks if users passes unique username and e-mail address while creating new user. Moreover, I've created a new html file -> login.html and login form.</p>
<p>Day060: Today I was working on authentication side of an app. Moreover, now user can't go into market page if he/she is not logged in.</p>
<p>Day061: Today I've been working on two buttons functionality on market site (more info & purchase) with bootstrap modals.</p>
<p>Day062: Today I've been working on buying/selling back stuff. And the tutorial is over.. 6 hour tutorial made in 9 days. Why? Just because I wanted to describe eveything in my projects readme to learn how to use Flask framework.</p>
